[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to
House of Wellbeing.
You are listening to the "Worry
Less" hypnotherapy audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it does,
I'd like to remind you
that the following
audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to help you reach a
deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that, wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
For right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and
let go and really enjoy
all those peaceful feelings
and all the benefits that
come with it.
I'd like you now to
imagine that you're
in a beautiful garden
with colorful flowers
and immaculate manicured lawns.
The sun is shining, and
the sky is a clear blue.
The temperature is
just how you like it,
and there's a cool breeze.
There's no pollen
in the air at all,
and you feel happy
and comfortable
in the clean, fresh, pure air.
You take a look around you
at all the beautiful colors.
And you hear the sounds of
the birds singing overhead.
You're calm and relaxed here,
and you feel safe and secure.
And I'd like you, now,
to take in a deep breath.
And as you breathe out, you can
relax deeper and deeper now.
You take a gentle walk
around the garden.
And you're bare
foot as you walk.
You can feel the lush,
green grass underfoot.
And you walk towards
some beautiful flowers.
And as you get
nearer, you can smell
their beautiful, fragrant scent.
And the colors are magnificent,
and they grow brighter
as you approach them.
And now taking another
long, deep breath.
And as you inhale the
rich fragrant scent,
you relax even deeper as
you exhale gently now.
You take another stroll
around the garden,
and you find a pathway
leading down to a beach.
You follow the path, stepping
down easily onto the wide steps
beneath you.
As you go deeper and deeper,
you relax more and more
with every step you take.
And you soon reach the
beautiful beach, which is empty.
And it has golden sand, like
a fine powder underfoot.
You enjoy the feeling of soft,
powdery sand beneath your feet,
and you take a look
out at the horizon.
You take in the
vastness of the sea,
and you watch as the
waves rhythmically
roll in and out again, one after
the other, gentle, rhythmic
waves rolling towards the
beach and back out again,
the sound of the waves
peaceful and reassuring.
You feel a sense
of calm and peace
as the sun gently shines down
on you with a warm sea air
gently sweeping over you.
As you walk across the
beach, you feel your feet
sinking further into the sand,
leaving a delicate footprint
behind you as you walk onwards,
relaxing deeper and deeper
with every step you take.
And as you reach the sea's
edge, the waves gently rolling
in and out, you notice how
your feet sink down deeper
than before into the wet sand.
You feel the water gently
lap at your ankles.
And it's warm and
inviting as you
let your toes test the water
with every wave that rolls in
and back out again.
And after a while,
when you're ready,
you walk back up the beach,
and there's a lovely deck chair
waiting just for you on
the sand under an umbrella,
offering just the
right amount of shade.
You take a seat and
you relax deeply now.
You take in a deep
breath and take
in your beautiful surroundings
as you gently exhale now.
You look out at the
calming sea again.
And you notice the sky, a clear,
blue sky without a cloud in it.
And you're feeling so
relaxed now as you sit
and relax comfortably and
deeply in your deck chair.
As you rest in that chair,
you can allow your mind
to imagine a staircase,
a beautiful staircase
with polished, ornate
banister running down
alongside a deep,
rich carpet that
feels soft to the touch
underneath your bare feet.
As you look down the
stairs, you notice
that there are 10 steps leading
gently down, 10 steps leading
gently down and down.
And these are the steps
that will lead you
into deep relaxation,
giving you access
to that powerful
subconscious, allowing
you to make those changes
that you want to make today.
In a moment, I'd like you to
walk down those steps with me.
And I'll count them off
for you one at a time.
And you'll find that,
the deeper down you go,
the more comfortable and the
more relaxed you'll become.
So when you're ready to
walk down the stairs,
I want you to gently place
your hand onto the banister
and begin to slowly descend the
staircase as I count them off
from 10 to one.
10, deeply relaxed,
deeply comfortable.
Nine, deeply relaxed,
Eight, more and
more relaxed now,
sinking even further
into relaxation.
Seven, deeply comfortable,
feeling every muscle release
as you go deeper and deeper.
Six.
Five, even further into your
deep state of relaxation now.
Four, allowing
your mind and body
to fully relax as you sink
further into deep relaxation.
Three, comfortable, heavy, any
tension completely gone now.
Two, almost at the bottom now.
Just one more step to go.
And one, going deeper
and deeper down now
to hypnosis, all the way down
to that deeper, healthier level
of mind, deeper than
you've ever been.
And as you reach the
bottom of the staircase,
letting go of the
banister, you let
go of any worries or concerns.
This is your time, and you let
nothing bother or concern you
at all.
Nobody needs or wants
anything from you.
And you're now standing at
the bottom of those steps,
feeling so very comfortable,
very relaxed and at peace.
You can allow those stairs and
the ordinary, everyday world
to just fade away, further
and further away now
as you sit deeply into the
comfortable, relaxing state
deeply inside of you,
your subconscious mind
still fully alert and aware.
But you're ready for the
changes about to come.
From now on in, every
day and every way,
you start to feel
more in control,
more confident and assured
that everything will work out
just as it should.
You no longer worry about
something that might or might
not happen in the
future, instead
choosing to focus on
the present, day by day,
controlling what you can
control in the moment,
thinking positively and
recognizing that you are not
your inner thoughts.
These thoughts are
merely thinking
patterns that have been
repeated over and over again
in your mind until they
formed a habit or belief.
So you learn to replace
those old, unwanted worries
with new, positive,
empowering ones.
The key to controlling
your inner thoughts
is to watch and observe
them, recognizing that they
belong to a third person.
I'd like you, now, to give these
worrying thoughts a character,
maybe a name or a personality.
Over time, you choose
to spend less time
with the negative
character and you
increase the time you spend
with the positive one.
You value the advice they give,
their wise words of wisdom,
and the confidence they have
in you and your achievements.
And perhaps you
name the characters
and you're instantly drawn
to the more positive one that
builds you up and gives
you hope and strength,
listening to their words and
spending more time with them,
ultimately drawing you towards
more positive thinking,
fueling your mind
with positivity,
rewiring those
thinking patterns.
And as the little worries
seem to just float away,
you start to build more
resilience for the bigger
worries and stress
that you may overcome,
for we all have some problems
in life, some obstacles
and some challenges.
But the key is how
you handle them,
how you think about them,
how you bounce back and cope.
You no longer choose to
dwell on the negative.
You focus on the positive.
You're realistic, but you
focus on the positive.
You accept that the
worries are there,
but you decide now not to give
them your attention either.
You redirect your focus
from your internal thoughts
to the world around you.
You distract yourself to help
change your thinking patterns
from a negative thought
to a positive one.
Perhaps you call a friend,
watch your favorite TV program,
read a book, and you
give this distraction
your full attention,
immersing yourself
in something that you
enjoy doing, stopping
any worries mid
track, immediately
retraining those thinking
patterns to go away
from negativity, straight
on to positivity.
You start to realize
how effective this is,
and you learn the act of
distraction more and more.
From now on in, you are
resilient, strong, confident,
calm, and relaxed, letting
any stress or anxiety or worry
just bounce off you as if
you have a protective shield
of steel around you.
I'd like you to imagine, now,
a situation that may worry you.
See that situation now.
Feel it.
Hear it.
But now I'd like you to
imagine that a gold shield is
all around your body.
The shield is protecting
you from worries.
Any worries that come
to you will simply
bounce off your
shield and float away.
And you can step outside
the shield at any time,
walk in or out, but it's always
there, an invisible shield
that only you know exists.
Only you can benefit
from this shield
as you start to feel
more calm and relaxed
and in control more
and more each day.
No more dwelling now.
No more forecasting,
catastrophizing
about the future, focusing day
by day now, fueling your mind,
filling your mind
with positivity,
retraining those
thinking patterns.
And with practice,
your mind will get out
of the routine of dwelling
and focusing solely on worry.
You're now undoing
negative thinking patterns
and learning how to think
in the present, calmly
and with clarity, thinking
much more positively, now
achieving what you
want to in life.
And these suggestions are firmly
embedded in your subconscious
mind and grow stronger
and stronger day by day.
They grow stronger by the
day, stronger by the hour,
and stronger by the minute.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind,
and they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'll count
from one to five to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling fantastic,
bringing back with you now all
the wonderful new feelings.
So 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.